I would like to start here by welcoming the guest who has come here to the committee
room that has been on and to solve your attention to a standing rule of the committee.
To the effect that there ought to be no manifestations of a proof of end of the matter.
May I say that the uniformed officers that you see before you and the trained persons
in the audience have standing instructions on the committee.
To escort some of the room politely but immediately and without arguments.
Any of our guests who desire to violate the terms of which you entered the room
to disrupting the hearings by all of them making manifestations of a proof of end of the proof.
They share their not-anticipated, they're going to have any difficulty with this.
Overflow arguments is that known because all previous audiences have been magnificent.
But he thinks that you should tell our guests now of that firm rule out the committee.
Share that one present piece of information during the lunch hour he'd like to read to make his
comments and all members of the participants feel a little better. Mr. Fulton Lewis Jr.
called me on the phone and said that mutual drug trafficking company had been conducting a
poll as to whether the hearings were in fact worthwhile or not.
Said they received 149,895 pieces of mail.
Do you believe that the hearings have been a good thing for the country?
Yes, 15,930. No,
33,965. Do you believe that the hearings should continue until all the facts are on the record?
Yes, 1474. No, 42,000.
I thought I was really proud he had to know my colleagues might like to know
and our participants said there are people at least who believe perhaps useful and valuable
information is flowing out to the country as a result of the hearings.
Council Jackson, you are inculcating Mr. Scott.
He's combed my way of a brief recapitulation.
You say that Mr. Cheyenne came to the committee in early February 1953?
What about the news that I think so, sir? The racket which all the exact right we can get
that for you. And that it was known by the staff that you would be and inductee or adeptee
in early July. He was eligible to July on.
And at that time he had passed his physical.
Yes, not Mr. Kong. From the time he came to the staff in, we would say,
30th in the air, approximately the first half of the way.
At that time he was inducted in the Army on November 3rd.
He worked on certain specific styles as we understand from your system under this one.
No, sir. He didn't. There was also a thing in them working on file.
The suggestions the way it would go is that he would work on investigation and
we have hundreds and I told over a thousand files the only more stories and investigations
about the subcommittee. He did as far as I know, no specific work on a file.
They were. I thought he worked on investigations with respect to certain
individuals or certain areas of inquiry. We'll put it that way.
This is the voice of America. No doubt about that. No doubt about that.
No, not specifically. What other areas of investigation were worked upon by Mr. Chang?
I couldn't give you completely accurate answer Mr. Chang, because I can't tell you.
Today tremendous amount of work on the voice of America and the information agency.
Can point as we go.
Yes, most of America is number one.
Sure. Number two, you would list the file.
Well, when I say voice of America, I got to clarify it this way.
I mean the United States information agency and its activity.
The voice of America is the one of five subdivisions of the information agency.
We investigated not only the voice of America, but the other four subdivisions as well.
I am sure there are large number of files referring upon the other four beside the voice of America.
So we might call it information program.
The information program, right?
Having basis five different areas of investigation.
Yes sir, the voice of America, the board kept in close the international press service,
international motion picture service, the exchange program and the information center program,
I believe, of the five.
Do you have a time Mr. Croomon to choose the five subdivisions?
I am sure we don't, and again I am just really asking about this.
I am sure we don't have five files that are not on each of these things.
We do have one problem.
No, we probably have one.
That is maybe 50, 75, 155 files relating to the investigation of the information program
and its five subdivisions.
I think there might be files on witnesses, files on projects, things along those lines.
And that is a great number of files on these maps.
But now the general topic is the information program.
Yes sir.
And that in basis at least five different areas of investigation.
It does sir.
And Mr. Croomon, that's, that's, that's, you're not having one general file covering the information program.
I don't believe so sir.
I don't, I don't think I'll have to be possible.
Who says you're filing down there?
I don't know sir.
I assume that the girl who went under the supervision of thank God.
Will you want some information pertaining to the information investigation?
You asked someone to blame the him a file on that subject you did not ask.
Well, when I went information sir, I was usually asked Mr. Cah,
Jim Juliano, one of the investigators, and say I assume we'll go to the file or whatever
else it might be, and give it to me.
I am members of the staff.
Yeah, members of the staff.
And if you want a certain definite specific piece of information,
with respect to that particular subject, you usually ask Mr. Cah,
or Mr. Juliano, are other members of your staff?
I think that's true.
I might ask Francis men, or one of the girls in the office that
spend to us around what I want.
Then either Francis, Mrs. Francis me.
I'm Mr. Juliano, I'm Mr. Cah, with no interest in the particular data
that you asked for.
That's correct, isn't it?
Well, I, somebody would be able to find it there.
Let me get.
Both of the persons that I sent were done in that bin on the bridge.
Now I think it's going to be very funny to find out if anyone
chose the morning.
And therefore I have a subpoena here,
and I like that search today.
So both involved can give it to the management and thought of a weekend.
It's a subpoena, so I'm submitting the chair for the request of the finance.
It's directed to the department of the Army,
the Robert Key Street, and the secretary of the Army,
signing on Washington DC.
It's made in order to produce all files containing material relating to the Army
charges like the one in court of London,
the very first case.
And to the proposed removal of J.D.
of London from the Command of Court of London in Jersey.
And otherwise, it's pertaining to unsavable actions in general.
I want to hand this to the chairman, and the request of this
being signed so that we may have this material for me come back here to the wine.
So, please receive this, Mr. Mayor.
Then, this call, please, if we should not ask for certain data
pertaining to this one general subject of investigation,
you could call it out of the file, either yourself or to me, Mr. Ujana or Mr. Kaur.
So, if there are any documents you want,
and direct me to propose them,
I will go downstairs, go to the files,
and rather, if there are any papers or anything else you might want,
it might be, and we will be glad to give you whatever we have,
so we will update the direction of the committee.
Now, I want you now, Mr. Kohn to throw the members of the committee
about other areas of investigation, Mr. Shind,
directed his activities to some of the time he was with the committee
and from the time of his induction in the Army.
Yes, sir.
He worked on a white spot one way or another,
a food number of the committee's investigations, Mr. Janken.
He worked on various preliminary investigations of the committee,
and in particular, he was Mr. Shind.
Well, the news is in his account,
and the attention of the black dress,
they subpoenaed his directives to the material concerning the Jain,
and you want him, I know he's been referred to as Mr. Kohn.
Can you come over to the office to be here?
Yes, may the general, may the general,
please, what?
Mr. Kohn, Mr. Kohn, Mr. Kohn.
Great, thank you very much.
So, I'm going to explain, I'm asking you to name all of the general subjects
about which Mr. Shind worked on the time he was in induction.
From the time he went with the staff until the statement was in the...
Yes, sir, I would say that he worked on a good number of the committee's
preliminary investigations.
Mr. Janken, he worked on a number of informants for the committee.
In other words, he would be the contact man between the committee
and a number of witnesses or informants who are furnishing information
through the committee on various matters which might or might not
resolve in investigation into preliminary investigations.
To give you a better picture of this, Mr. Janken,
we get down at the committee,
and Senator McCawsey, particularly, gets up in his office.
A tremendous amount of mail, a tremendous amount of material,
furnishing information, furnishing leads,
suggesting that certain witnesses be contacted,
people are coming in every day in the week with information.
And that is referred to various staff members,
and sometimes it will result in something more,
sometimes it's a result in nothing.
And it's a very busy office,
and there is just a tremendous volume.
So, for instance, I'm sure that at the present time there must be
a hundred or so, and I'm guessing it's the exact figure,
preliminary investigation underway,
which various people are working on,
I have furnished information about.
It's a very broad area,
and it is very difficult for me to just go down a list.
I can name some for you if you can get out me to that.
But among other things, Mr. Shange,
it was to discuss,
fact thought interview,
or in therapy, a number of witnesses,
which I believe you said this morning,
numbered into the hundreds.
It's very, very well done.
Yes.
And so Peter was served upon me this noon.
I have an ask my 4,000-year's,
man, if we couldn't qualify,
just thoughts as in that so,
Peter, but it will be honored by me,
what will happen to the guide of the material that is the penance.
And the deal of fact that we are trying this before I am
other large jury at jury of 30 Minions,
I think maybe that we should qualify that Mr. Daisy,
that we said,
there are certain restrictions
upon what a fellow Mr. Cohn can produce,
the files, like that.
I think we should clarify.
Yes, very well.
I am just going to have a message about the production of any files yet.
I am trying to find out the fact or worth the Mr. Shange,
and we now understand,
and we understand,
we're just in the morning.
But among other things, it was a bit of a meeting
and a very good meeting with Mr. Cohn.
Yes, sir.
One ring into the hundreds, I believe you say.
I believe that's safe, and it's an accurate one, sir.
Yes, accurate?
Yes, sir.
And our informants,
do you think they exist?
No, I'm not.
In respect to the interview of those witnesses.
Well, I would say it's in a couple of stages,
and I'm not mistaken,
there are undoubtedly some memorandum.
There are other things which are known for I call,
and you might have a definition for it, file free.
It was thought, John Jones,
not only would you interview a witness,
and then after a while,
sometime later, before you call the witness,
an executive session or public session,
you get up a list,
sheet of paper,
which would say,
we'll testify as follows.
I am an engineer at the Voice of America.
I went with the Voice of America,
such and such here,
and such and such day to came to my attention
that they were building a transmitting station
in an area where it wouldn't work,
and I complained about it,
and they wouldn't do anything about it,
or so and so as the communists
and things along those lines.
And Charles Wries were drawn up,
and I believe on a number of occasions,
such Charles Wries were punished.
The number is handed out,
the members of the Trump Committee,
prior to the appearance of the witness before the Committee.
In other words,
before the witness was come before the Committee,
it meant the shine,
or somebody else would pass out
for the end of the Trump Committee,
the trial rate,
or it's enough that's another case of the general area
that the witness might cut.
And I'm sure that our file,
for sure, is done in the office,
which contains a number of those trial rates,
memorandum, or other notes,
and things of those times.
In short, when you interview a witness,
usually he is.
Remember, I'm the archived dean,
part of the office,
which is whatever he wants to call it.
Which contains the name of the address of the witness with him.
On occasion, definitely sir.
And the ace of the office,
I don't know if the information,
imparted to him by that witness.
Yes, it is.
A lot of the occasions,
for that was done.
Now those are memorandum,
usually prepared by Mr. Shine,
while he was with the trial.
All prepared by others on the start
as result of their concerns with Mr. Shine.
That's right, he knows.
As a general proposition, Mr. Jenkins,
I...
It's awfully long for me and a couple of answers
to try to get a picture of the way the whole office runs
and the fighting of work that's done there
and the way in which things are done.
The old position of purpose is here,
I think that's the case.
And I believe you stated this morning that in some instances,
there was no big situation or no memorandum,
prepared by Mr. Shine.
That's true, sir.
He said that information in his case.
That's true.
Including the name of the witness.
That is, he's a informer.
There are some instances in which he carried in his head.
There are others in which a file might contain
a list of 12 witnesses without any reference
to what those witnesses know or what they are able to say.
And there is just no such answer.
And I'm Mr. Cohen,
both memorandum, that's prepared by Mr. Shine.
And I'm talking about the ones that he stated
that prepared or supervised
from the tiny red with the committee
and from the induction into the army.
I am the files with this committee,
in this room, but not in this room, sir.
I believe in this room.
Yes, I believe that's the best.
I know, but they all went right down there.
Now, when Mr. Cohen answered he was inducted in the army,
he had certain minutes and nights, certain weeks and nights all.
Yes, sir.
And certain weekends all.
And that was for the purpose of the evening,
him to do committee work.
Was it not?
It was, and he did.
And he did do that.
He did, sir.
Mr. Cohen.
During that period of time in Spain,
you were getting information from him
that he had acquired prior to his induction in the army.
That's right, sir.
And I think it's the memorandum of such information
was prepared.
Let me introduce you this way, Mr. Jenkins.
Yes, this is the way it was all.
There are, again, a number of categories.
I know that I, on occasion,
let me give you one example if I made it.
That's the question, which might be helpful.
There was a man, or was it one of Mr. Shine's contacts in New York,
who had information on radar and on the giving of radar
secrets to the Russians and to the communists.
And very important information.
That man had been referred to Mr. Shine by an assistant secretary
in one of the presidents' executive departments.
Mr. Shine talked with that man.
I don't know how many times he talked with him,
but he got a certain amount of information.
At the time he had seen the information,
we decided not to use it in that particular time.
There came a friend, Mr. Shine, within the army.
There came a time when we wanted to use that information.
I tried to contact that man.
He would not talk to me at that point.
Certain things were developing.
I remember that senator Murray reported back to Senator McCarthy,
and he told me to go down and talk with Mr. Shine and get what
Mr. Shine knew about this man testimony.
I did go down and I did have a discussion with Mr. Shine.
I think a staff member was with me.
And we got a number of facts from him,
so what this man has said.
Did you make a member?
I don't think I did make a member.
I know I spoke with Senator McCarthy and some other staff members
about that.
The reason I know I don't think I made a member and a staff member.
That man, subsequently, committed suicide.
He asked about a men hopper.
I was contacted by a pilot state of government intelligence agency,
which knew that Mr. Shine had been in touch with this man.
I explained what I knew about the situation.
And by this time, Mr. Shine was down and came for it.
And I remember telephoning down there and talking with Mr. Shine.
I developed that he had not been a member and he had never made a member and
I had not made a member and I'm after talking with Mr. Shine about it.
So I just then was verbally supplied to this intelligence agency,
the FBI, the information which we had.
And I believe I contacted Mr. Shine and confirmed that information.
I don't know what they actually interviewed at that point.
That's one thing, specific thing, which occurred to me right now.
Another thing, sir, which covers a great area of what you're interested in right here,
involves a preparation of the interim reports on this information program investigation
we were just discussing.
When we learned that Mr. Shine, what they instructed,
it had been expected, by the way, that he was right to prepare a draft of those reports.
He knew more about that, those investigations than anyone else did.
It was expected that he was prepared to draft those reports.
He was working on a lot of other things, day-to-day matters.
And it would have been difficult for him to do that in the fall month.
We therefore have to research director of the committee if he could take over that part
of Mr. Shine's work and finish it so that Mr. Shine could work on these other matters.
He agreed to do so, and on some of the reports, he did a highly confident job.
With respect to three, the Voice of America, the Information Program report,
the Voice of America Engineering Project report, known as Baker West, subtitled,
and to report on the United States Information Centers,
the research director stated that he had not been with the committee,
while the investigation was conducted, and that it was not possible for him to do the right kind of a job.
Nevertheless, he drafted out some copies of the reports.
We're now in Wellington, all I think this is about October or November,
late October, beginning of November.
And he sent the draft out to the Senate and McCarthy of the first one.
Senate and McCarthy read it over and made some notes on it.
An injury, a big extra, the top page and the last page,
and indicated that the whole report should be done from top, must be redone from top to bottom
and that he wanted Dave Shine to do it.
Dave Shine re-rolls that report, the Information Center report, the Baker West report,
and the Voice of America proper or information program proper report.
And as well as all of the three reports, he helped prepare the three sections dealing with those reports,
which appear in the annual report of this subcommittee.
That was a long and arduous job.
He did the rewriting job, but after he did it, but he did with checkover,
I typed a good deal of it myself at home, I might say.
There's no automatically submitted directly down here to the committee.
I don't like the front desk.
Yeah, there's a couple of different situations.
It's too important.
Not for the first time for a week with the chairman, I'd like to make sure that there's a point of order
and that is whether when going this way with the chairman, I don't want you to look.
But it's always right on me.
I want to give a record of that place until that's the guy.
You got him a lot of things to say, and look for him.
Well, I was sharing things to get him to that point of order,
but that's actually the last thing.
I think it was in ten years.
I think it's a thing, though, that's the honor.
The late three non-smokers on the left will sign up to the chairman.
And then he said, the chairman will tell the lay,
I'll allow him to do more.
Bring some for the guy's leader to that.
The guy who lives in the county will do him more position.
Now Mr. Cohn has you finished your answer.
That's quite said, but I'll move.
You mean going?
Mr. Shine prepared substantial sections of this C3 plot.
He did a lot of free writing.
As a matter of fact, he reorganized the whole way of doing it.
He thought that instead of one comprehensive report,
which is what we first thought of,
that it should be broken down into three parts,
and that there should be three separate interim reports
to be filed before the annual report.
He went ahead and he did, oh, I would say,
the greatest part of that job.
Hey, what are you talking about?
Where he did now, F.D. was inducted into the Army.
This is where he did after he was inducted into the Army.
So you're hearing the eight weeks stay at Fort Biggs?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Cohn, the next few discussions.
Were you with Mr. Shine on all or practically all
the stations of his leave of absences from Fort Biggs?
I can't say that, sir.
I was with him.
I worked with him on a good many of those occasions.
And other staff members worked with him on other occasions.
Were you with him on his leave of absences on weeknights?
On a few occasions, I watched her and on a few occasions.
I don't think there were too many.
I don't think there were too many weeknights at all.
But on a few occasions, I watched with him and a few occasions.
Other members of the staff members were with him at Cohn.
I can recall, thank God, I can recall, Jim Giuliano.
There might have been others there.
It's not they work.
I would say things were to lie to somebody had a talk
from about something, sending the McCarthy with sending down a call from him.
Were you with him on weekends?
I was a number of times and when I wasn't,
I was also on the phone or he would deliver usually to my house
the written flutter.
So far, these reports were consent.
Mr. Cohn, the state weather, not on any weekend,
that Mr. Shine was off from Fort Deicks.
He went to my house as a state of flutter.
Whether he went to Miami, Florida, or the state of flutter.
The state of flutter.
While the sign to flutter, Richard.
The answer to that, I am sure, is no.
In the state of flutter, during the Christmas holiday.
During the Christmas holiday.
He was not.
He was working during the Christmas holiday.
Was he in the state of flutter during the New Year's holiday?
He was not, sir.
Now you think he worked during the Christmas holiday?
Hi, toaster.
On committee work?
Will you?
Yes, sir.
Where?
As far as now, if we want to talk about day by day,
I think I can help you on that.
We...
Oh, that's right.
Let's start back then with the first day.
The first night.
When he was away from Fort Beach.
Were you with him that night?
The first night he was away from Fort Dix.
Right on the leave of absence on committee work.
Uh, now let me see.
That he went down there on the 10th day of November.
On November.
That night, I suppose he was down there, I didn't see him.
On November 11th, Frank Carr and I.
It was honest to stay, and there was no training.
By the way, and I know Frank Carr and I went down to see him.
We, Frank Carr took with him a large bundle of papers.
I think those were concerning.
Frank will be able to tell you about that.
I think those concerns.
The fort-monets investigations and the interviews.
Which, uh, China conducted on NO.
Uh, we sat at a...
Three of us sat at a picnic table out of the...
Near the reception center at Fort Dix outside for two or three hours
and went through those papers.
When we were through with them.
And talking about the monets investigation, we left.
That I believe, sir, is the first time we saw our, uh,
shine after he went down.
That was in him, remember, and the member made a bet
to meeting our conference with Baby Shack.
A member and the member of the meeting gave.
No, sir, I don't believe it.
Well, our information meeting party to you is that...
Now, that I can't be sure of.
It's very possible, in fact, probable.
It's a Mr. Carmide, if noted, on some of those files,
or whatever he had papers he had down with them.
Certain facts, which Mr. Shacken had given to him.
I don't know.
I just think that the member and the mobs made...
It could easily be found in the file as we understand.
Yes, sir.
I don't think Mr. Carmide went back and dictated a memorandum.
I saw Dave shine today in such and such and such.
He went down and going through some papers and find out certain information
and talk about certain matters with which Mr. Shacken had familiarity.
It worked.
I'd be going in, Mr. Carmide.
I only got the information and acted upon it.
Did Mr. Shacken leave the post on November 11th?
I don't believe so, sir.
And that was a mistake.
Yes.
The one with the next time, I turn November 11th,
that Mr. Shacken was given the leave of absence to work with the committee.
Uh, 1st and 1st November 11, sir.
Um...
I just can't give you that date, sir.
For any reason.
I remember this.
I don't know whether it was probably after training on that weekend
or on the next weekend.
I, uh...
I recall this, Mr. Jenkins.
I recall one of the early things he worked on was the preparation of the David Greenblast deposition,
which we introduced in evidence that our first public hearing has fought one of.
Mr. Shacken had been down on the interview of David Greenblast
and had gotten information from Mr. Greenblast.
I think Mr. Shacken had taken some notes on that day.
And, in fact, I think he took a lot of notes on that day,
is to what Greenblast had said.
Um...
Now, where are those notes, Mr. Kohn?
There's something I suppose, sir.
Well, they can certainly be found in there now.
Yes, it's a fair and existence.
I know that we now have the notes reduced to the Greenblast deposition,
and that is in the record of this committee.
And they were prepared, those notes were taken made by David Shacken,
I fear he was inducted in the army.
No, sir.
Those notes, I think he took the notes seats up,
were taken up at Lewisburg, Sanitentiary,
when we were interviewing David Greenblast.
The matter then dropped Mr. Chang-Kun,
so what I was telling you, sir, was,
they came with time after Mr. Shacken was found at 4'6",
but...
Well, I've got to go back one step further.
After the Greenblast interview, we anticipated falling.
Mr. Greenblast, as a witness before the subcommittee,
we had every reason to believe that would be done.
We were...
That does not work out.
The Department of Justice, Mr. Rogers,
we told that idea,
and we were not allowed to have David Greenblast appear before the subcommittee.
Therefore, we had to get what Mr. Greenblast had to say before the subcommittee
in written form had somewhat of the last minute.
I recall that Mr. Shacken drew up in question and answer form
what he thought was an accurate estimate of what David Greenblast had said
when he had been interviewed by us in October.
I recall I was away.
I was out of town.
And Mr. Shacken spent another committee investigator
over that weekend up to Lewisburg to talk to Greenblast.
That the site recalls the committee investigator
went over what Shacken had written up with Mr. Greenblast.
Mr. Greenblast made a number of changes.
And I think on a Sunday, Mr. Shacken talked with Mr. Greenblast,
a lippy investigator who was standing in the side of Mr. Greenblast
and worked out the final copy of this definition.
And a few days later,
it was an evidence before the committee.
And that's the definition which I read from in the record here yesterday.
That's another incident which comes to my mind right now.
I'm going without going in the eaves of specific instances.
Are they leaving absence?
I want to ask you this. Show it.
Mr. Shacken was a footbaits bar a period of eight weeks.
That's correct, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
And being that period of time,
he had the days and sundry consultations
with the members of your staff.
He did, sir.
And you say that being those consultations,
you had the human parts to use knowledge that he had acquired
prior to his entrance in the army.
That covers one category, sir.
Perhaps they can call categories.
Yes, sir.
And certain memorandum were made out of those interviews
and of the fact that you've been the result of your comprehensive judgment.
I can't say that certain memorandum were made.
After each visit, we would not come back and make a memorandum.
We would go down to find out about something.
I remember the night of November 17th,
when Senator McCarthy was born,
there was a specific investigation
which he wanted to discuss with Mr. Shacken.
It was something on which Mr. Shacken had been working.
It was a matter of getting Mr. Shacken's evaluations.
A certain fact, and the testimony of certain witnesses,
with whom Mr. Shacken had been working.
I don't remember that.
We, as I was there for that plane ride with Mr. Stevens,
we went all the way to the Air Force plates and McGuire Airfield.
They gave us a room.
A couple of Colonel LaFell was there, and Colonel Bradley.
And when we sent him across,
he started talking with Mr. Shacken about this investigation.
The two Colonel's excused him, Bell,
and the discussion continued for some period of time.
Now, I did not make a memorandum about that.
I assume Senator McCarthy did not.
I know that after talking with Mr. Shacken,
and then with other members of the staff there answered,
we decided to do something,
rather not to do something.
And there, we started with a strategy that today,
which we would have to let him show him the long weekend
to get together,
spend the five or a hundred typical shine memorandums
so they can be examined, and he will learn yet
as I get Mr. Welch in.
Which is a big issue just in case,
Mr. Gomes and me ask you this question.
Make sure you share any memorandum
or whatever, I assume, or when the third on any subject,
I think the answer to that, I can only give you guess,
it's probably yesterday.
I would have to check the files and talk with him before giving you a definite answer on that.
I assume now you're referring to, he dictates,
that he himself dictates or prepares specific memorandums,
distinguishing that from talking to members of the subcommittee staff.
That's the question of them.
I would say, I would say in all probability that there are some.
I don't know.
You do not, you prefer any memorandum,
I assume, or the third is the result of your conference with shine.
Specific memorandum?
Uh...
You don't need to.
I don't recall that I prepared specific memorandum.
Did any memorandum you say?
I don't know that, so I would have to talk to each one who talks with Mr. Shine
and find out whether after talking with him,
they went back and prepared some kind of memorandum
or whether they merely found out what they wanted to know
and acted on the page.